CBS FOX video presents a home video
preview just when you thought it was
safe to go into your locker comes the
terrifying true story of teams facing
that most horrifying experience of all
getting into college experience the
shock of infant's exams witness the
torture of meeting college recruiters
Jesus wants you to live the horror of
choosing the right school I want you're
following a girl to college you've
talked to once Wow cringe of the terror
of personal interviews unless you have
anything else you'd like to reveal about
yourself your skin will crawl your heart
will pound your teeth will chatter your
hair will stand up your bladder will
fail your brain will melt and run out of
your ears
when one student tells how I got into
college last year a girl take a
professional wrestling and she got into
Yale how I got into college
congratulations II know it's from Ed
McMahon you may have already won ten
million dollars
how many times can one man leave you
breathless
when you get on his bad side your number
is up
Timothy Dalton is James Bond
double-oh-seven
license to kill
check your local video store for details
and now for our feature presentation